Narrative 1:
Charles Oldenburg wakes up and makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Charles is a reclusive person.Charles gets ready for work.Charles looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Charles says goodbye to their spouse, Rebecca Oldenburg.Charles heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a manager.Charles arrives to work on time. Charles works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Charles returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 2:
Karen Risley wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Karen picks up the newspaper from the front door.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Karen is a jolly person.Karen gets ready for work.Karen looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Karen says goodbye to their spouse, John Penninger.Karen says goodbye to their kids.Karen heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Bank where they work as a bank teller.Karen arrives to work late Karen works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Karen smiles and waves at Annie Stief.Karen proceeds to get lunch on their own. Karen returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 3:
No coworkers.
Narrative 4:
Lester Hunsberger wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The TV predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Lester is an antisocial person.Lester gets ready for work.Lester looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Lester heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Apartments where they work as a janitor.Lester arrives to work late Lester works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Lester smiles and waves at Kathy Stogner.Lester proceeds to get lunch on their own. Lester returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 5:
Martha Fairless wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Martha is a reclusive person.Martha gets ready for work.Martha looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Martha heads out the door to go to Fairless Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Martha arrives to work on time. Martha works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Martha returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 6:
Kathy Stogner wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Kathy is a kind person.Kathy gets ready for work.Kathy looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Kathy heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Apartments where they work as a secretary.Kathy arrives to work on time. Kathy works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Kathy smiles and waves at Lester Hunsberger.Kathy proceeds to get lunch on their own. Kathy returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 7:
No coworkers.
Narrative 8:
No coworkers.
Narrative 9:
Robert Gilles wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Robert is a reclusive person.Robert gets ready for work.Robert looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Robert heads out the door to go to Neault Diner where they work as a cook.Robert arrives to work on time. Robert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Robert stares Michael Pomerantz down.Robert proceeds to get lunch on their own. Robert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 10:
Charles Bauermeister wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Charles is a kind person.Charles gets ready for work.Charles looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Charles heads out the door to go to onFire where they work as a manager.Charles arrives to work on time. Charles works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Charles smiles and waves at Willis Pottorff.Charles proceeds to get lunch on their own. Charles returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 11:
Robert Gilles wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The TV predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Robert is a jolly person.Robert gets ready for work.Robert realizes they are late for work. They rush to Neault Diner where they work as a cook.Robert arrives to work on time. Robert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Robert invites Richard Neault to lunch.Robert talks to Richard Neault and gets to know them better. Robert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 12:
Caroline Pomerantz wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Caroline pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Caroline is a kind person.Caroline gets ready for work.Caroline looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Caroline says goodbye to their spouse, Michael Pomerantz.Caroline says goodbye to their kids.Caroline heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Apartments where they work as a janitor.Caroline arrives to work late Caroline works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Caroline smiles and waves at Kathy Stogner.Caroline proceeds to get lunch on their own. Caroline returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 13:
No coworkers.
Narrative 14:
Gary Fairless wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Gary is a kind person.Gary gets ready for work.Gary looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Gary heads out the door to go to Fairless Inn where they work as a concierge.Gary arrives to work on time. Gary works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Gary returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 15:
No coworkers.
Narrative 16:
Norma Detlefsen wakes up and brushes their teeth.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Norma is a jolly person.Norma gets ready for work.Norma looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Norma heads out the door to go to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a proprietor.Norma arrives to work late Norma works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Norma smiles and waves at James Kappel.Norma proceeds to get lunch on their own. Norma returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 17:
Cora Stogner wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Cora makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Cora is a jolly person.Cora gets ready for work.Cora realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale K-12 School where they work as a teacher.Cora arrives to work on time. Cora works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Cora invites Michael Batzer to lunch.Cora talks to Michael Batzer and gets to know them better. Cora returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 18:
Walter Kilkenny wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Walter is a kind person.Walter gets ready for work.Walter realizes they are late for work. They rush to 4th Street Brewery where they work as a owner.Walter arrives to work on time. Walter works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Walter smiles and waves at William Speed.Walter proceeds to get lunch on their own. Walter returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 19:
Margaret Kappel wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Margaret brushes their teeth.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Margaret is an antisocial person.Margaret gets ready for work.Margaret realizes they are late for work. They rush to Oldford Street Apartments where they work as a secretary.Margaret arrives to work late Margaret works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Margaret invites Connie Picht to lunch.Margaret talks to Connie Picht and gets to know them better. Margaret returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 20:
No coworkers.
Narrative 21:
Jon Horchler wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be hot today.Jon is a happy person.Jon gets ready for work.Jon realizes they are late for work. They rush to Knepper Painting where they work as a whitewasher.Jon arrives to work on time. Jon works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Jon smiles and waves at Harold Cayton.Jon proceeds to get lunch on their own. Jon returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 22:
Anthony Neault wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Anthony is a happy person.Anthony gets ready for work.Anthony looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Anthony heads out the door to go to Piles where they work as a bartender.Anthony arrives to work late Anthony works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Anthony smiles and waves at Carolyn Neault.Anthony proceeds to get lunch on their own. Anthony returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 23:
No coworkers.
Narrative 24:
Norman Juul wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Norman is a reclusive person.Norman gets ready for work.Norman looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Norman heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a concierge.Norman arrives to work on time. Norman works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Norman smiles and waves at Connie Knepper.Norman proceeds to get lunch on their own. Norman returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 25:
No coworkers.
Narrative 26:
Dorothy Bevill wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be warm today.Dorothy is an antisocial person.Dorothy gets ready for work.Dorothy looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Dorothy heads out the door to go to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a cashier.Dorothy arrives to work late Dorothy works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Dorothy smiles and waves at Margaret Mondschein.Dorothy proceeds to get lunch on their own. Dorothy returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 27:
Norma Detlefsen wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be cold today.Norma is a reclusive person.Norma gets ready for work.Norma realizes they are late for work. They rush to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a proprietor.Norma arrives to work late Norma works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Norma invites Margaret Mondschein to lunch.Norma enjoys lunch with Margaret Mondschein. Norma returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 28:
Jose Caples wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Jose is a jolly person.Jose gets ready for work.Jose looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Jose heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Rock Quarry where they work as a laborer.Jose arrives to work on time. Jose works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Jose invites Chester Crutchfield to lunch.Jose talks to Chester Crutchfield and gets to know them better. Jose returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 29:
Leo Settlemire wakes up and brushes their teeth.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Leo is a happy person.Leo gets ready for work.Leo realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale Cemetery where they work as a groundskeeper.Leo arrives to work on time. Leo works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Leo invites John Kilkenny to lunch.Leo talks to John Kilkenny and gets to know them better. Leo returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 30:
Thelma Lenderman wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Thelma makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Thelma is a kind person.Thelma gets ready for work.Thelma looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Thelma says goodbye to their spouse, Thomas Lenderman.Thelma says goodbye to their kids.Thelma heads out the door to go to Schelske Barbershop where they work as a cashier.Thelma arrives to work late Thelma works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Thelma smiles and waves at George Hense.Thelma proceeds to get lunch on their own. Thelma returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 31:
Gloria Picht wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Gloria makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Gloria is a jolly person.Gloria gets ready for work.Gloria realizes they are late for work. They rush to Oldford Street Apartments where they work as a landlord.Gloria arrives to work on time. Gloria works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Gloria returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 32:
Robert Gilles wakes up and makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be cold today.Robert is a kind person.Robert gets ready for work.Robert realizes they are late for work. They rush to Neault Diner where they work as a cook.Robert arrives to work on time. Robert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Robert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 33:
John Kilkenny wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be freezing today.John is a kind person.John gets ready for work.John realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale Cemetery where they work as a mortician.John arrives to work on time. John works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.John smiles and waves at Leo Settlemire.John proceeds to get lunch on their own. John returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 34:
No coworkers.
Narrative 35:
No coworkers.
Narrative 36:
No coworkers.
Narrative 37:
Connie Knepper wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cold today.Connie is a reclusive person.Connie gets ready for work.Connie looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Connie heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a hotel maid.Connie arrives to work late Connie works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Connie returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 38:
Gilbert Rundel wakes up and makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Gilbert is an antisocial person.Gilbert gets ready for work.Gilbert looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Gilbert heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Coal Mine where they work as a miner.Gilbert arrives to work on time. Gilbert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Gilbert invites David Cornell to lunch.Gilbert talks to David Cornell and gets to know them better. Gilbert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 39:
No coworkers.
Narrative 40:
Edgar Shannahan wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Edgar pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Edgar is an antisocial person.Edgar gets ready for work.Edgar realizes they are late for work. They rush to Sequim Avenue Construction where they work as a architect.Edgar arrives to work on time. Edgar works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Edgar invites Alexander Seefeldt to lunch.Edgar enjoys lunch with Alexander Seefeldt. Edgar returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 41:
Frank Prest wakes up and makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Frank is an antisocial person.Frank gets ready for work.Frank looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Frank heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Rock Quarry where they work as a stonecutter.Frank arrives to work late Frank works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Frank returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 42:
Wayne Fairless wakes up and brushes their teeth.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Wayne is a happy person.Wayne gets ready for work.Wayne looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Wayne heads out the door to go to Fairless Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Wayne arrives to work late Wayne works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Wayne smiles and waves at Gary Fairless.Wayne proceeds to get lunch on their own. Wayne returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 43:
Kathy Stogner wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Kathy is a reclusive person.Kathy gets ready for work.Kathy looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Kathy heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Apartments where they work as a secretary.Kathy arrives to work late Kathy works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Kathy smiles and waves at Sam Stogner.Kathy proceeds to get lunch on their own. Kathy returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 44:
No coworkers.
Narrative 45:
No coworkers.
Narrative 46:
Terry Detlefsen wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Terry brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Terry is a reclusive person.Terry gets ready for work.Terry realizes they are late for work. They rush to Jubbly where they work as a bartender.Terry arrives to work on time. Terry works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Terry returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 47:
Warren Gade wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Warren is a jolly person.Warren gets ready for work.Warren looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Warren heads out the door to go to The Deflated World Cup Dream where they work as a bartender.Warren arrives to work on time. Warren works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Warren returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 48:
George Fendt wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be rainy today.George is a reclusive person.George gets ready for work.George looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.George heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Rock Quarry where they work as a owner.George arrives to work on time. George works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.George invites Jose Caples to lunch.George enjoys lunch with Jose Caples. George returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 49:
James Mitchum wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, James brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be rainy today.James is a kind person.James gets ready for work.James looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.James says goodbye to their spouse, Eleanor Mitchum.James says goodbye to their kids.James heads out the door to go to Kary Plumbing Co. where they work as a plumber.James arrives to work on time. James works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.James invites Harold Kary to lunch.James talks to Harold Kary and gets to know them better. James returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 50:
No coworkers.
Narrative 51:
George Fendt wakes up and makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be sunny today.George is an antisocial person.George gets ready for work.George looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.George heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Rock Quarry where they work as a owner.George arrives to work on time. George works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.George smiles and waves at Frank Prest.George proceeds to get lunch on their own. George returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 52:
Rebecca Oldenburg wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cold today.Rebecca is an antisocial person.Rebecca gets ready for work.Rebecca realizes they are late for work. They rush to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a hotel maid.Rebecca arrives to work late Rebecca works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Rebecca ignores Willis Laframboise and walks past them.Rebecca proceeds to get lunch on their own. Rebecca returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 53:
No coworkers.
Narrative 54:
Willis Pottorff wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Willis makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Willis is a jolly person.Willis gets ready for work.Willis looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Willis says goodbye to their spouse, Louise Pottorff.Willis says goodbye to their kids.Willis heads out the door to go to onFire where they work as a cook.Willis arrives to work late Willis works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Willis smiles and waves at John Lighthall.Willis proceeds to get lunch on their own. Willis returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 55:
Michael Batzer wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be warm today.Michael is a reclusive person.Michael gets ready for work.Michael looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Michael heads out the door to go to Collegedale K-12 School where they work as a janitor.Michael arrives to work on time. Michael works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Michael smiles and waves at Sidney Sonneman.Michael proceeds to get lunch on their own. Michael returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 56:
No coworkers.
Narrative 57:
No coworkers.
Narrative 58:
No coworkers.
Narrative 59:
Harold Railton wakes up and brushes their teeth.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Harold is an antisocial person.Harold gets ready for work.Harold looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Harold heads out the door to go to Jubbly where they work as a proprietor.Harold arrives to work on time. Harold works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Harold smiles and waves at Terry Detlefsen.Harold proceeds to get lunch on their own. Harold returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 60:
Connie Picht wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Connie is a happy person.Connie gets ready for work.Connie realizes they are late for work. They rush to Oldford Street Apartments where they work as a janitor.Connie arrives to work on time. Connie works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Connie returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 61:
Claude Kuch wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Claude is a kind person.Claude gets ready for work.Claude looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Claude heads out the door to go to Goswick Hardware Co. where they work as a stocker.Claude arrives to work on time. Claude works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Claude returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 62:
Caroline Oldenburg wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Caroline pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Caroline is a jolly person.Caroline gets ready for work.Caroline realizes they are late for work. They rush to Goswick Hardware Co. where they work as a proprietor.Caroline arrives to work late Caroline works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Caroline smiles and waves at Claude Kuch.Caroline proceeds to get lunch on their own. Caroline returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 63:
No coworkers.
Narrative 64:
Kenneth Bowes wakes up and makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Kenneth is a kind person.Kenneth gets ready for work.Kenneth looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Kenneth heads out the door to go to The Deflated World Cup Dream where they work as a manager.Kenneth arrives to work late Kenneth works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Kenneth smiles and waves at Francis Luz.Kenneth proceeds to get lunch on their own. Kenneth returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 65:
Robert Gilles wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be hot today.Robert is a happy person.Robert gets ready for work.Robert looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Robert heads out the door to go to Neault Diner where they work as a cook.Robert arrives to work on time. Robert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Robert smiles and waves at Richard Neault.Robert proceeds to get lunch on their own. Robert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 66:
No coworkers.
Narrative 67:
Warren Gade wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Warren is a reclusive person.Warren gets ready for work.Warren looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Warren heads out the door to go to The Deflated World Cup Dream where they work as a bartender.Warren arrives to work on time. Warren works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Warren invites Francis Bergsten to lunch.Warren talks to Francis Bergsten and gets to know them better. Warren returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 68:
No coworkers.
Narrative 69:
No coworkers.
Narrative 70:
Paul Kilkenny wakes up and makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cold today.Paul is a jolly person.Paul gets ready for work.Paul realizes they are late for work. They rush to 4th Street Brewery where they work as a brewer.Paul arrives to work late Paul works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Paul invites John Fairless to lunch.Paul talks to John Fairless and gets to know them better. Paul returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 71:
No coworkers.
Narrative 72:
Ronald Champion wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be hot today.Ronald is a kind person.Ronald gets ready for work.Ronald realizes they are late for work. They rush to Oldford Street Coal Mine where they work as a owner.Ronald arrives to work late Ronald works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Ronald returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 73:
George Hense wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, George picks up the newspaper from the front door.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cold today.George is a reclusive person.George gets ready for work.George looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.George says goodbye to their spouse, Gloria Hense.George says goodbye to their kids.George heads out the door to go to Schelske Barbershop where they work as a barber.George arrives to work late George works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. George returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 74:
James Kappel wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, James pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be cold today.James is a kind person.James gets ready for work.James looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.James says goodbye to their spouse, Margaret Kappel.James says goodbye to their kids.James heads out the door to go to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a cook.James arrives to work on time. James works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.James invites Joan Detlefsen to lunch.James talks to Joan Detlefsen and gets to know them better. James returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 75:
James Penninger wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be freezing today.James is a happy person.James gets ready for work.James looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.James heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Inn where they work as a innkeeper.James arrives to work on time. James works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. James returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 76:
Willis Pottorff wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Willis pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cold today.Willis is a kind person.Willis gets ready for work.Willis looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Willis says goodbye to their spouse, Louise Pottorff.Willis says goodbye to their kids.Willis heads out the door to go to onFire where they work as a cook.Willis arrives to work on time. Willis works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Willis smiles and waves at James Laramee.Willis proceeds to get lunch on their own. Willis returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 77:
No coworkers.
Narrative 78:
No coworkers.
Narrative 79:
Gloria Hense wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Gloria makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Gloria is a happy person.Gloria gets ready for work.Gloria realizes they are late for work. They rush to Pepper Pike Avenue Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Gloria arrives to work on time. Gloria works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Gloria returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 80:
Laura Bauermeister wakes up and brushes their teeth.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cold today.Laura is a reclusive person.Laura gets ready for work.Laura realizes they are late for work. They rush to onFire where they work as a waiter.Laura arrives to work late Laura works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Laura smiles and waves at Willis Pottorff.Laura proceeds to get lunch on their own. Laura returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 81:
No coworkers.
Narrative 82:
No coworkers.
Narrative 83:
No coworkers.
Narrative 84:
No coworkers.
Narrative 85:
James Baggarly wakes up and brushes their teeth.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be hot today.James is an antisocial person.James gets ready for work.James looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.James heads out the door to go to Piles where they work as a bartender.James arrives to work on time. James works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.James smiles and waves at Carolyn Neault.James proceeds to get lunch on their own. James returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 86:
No coworkers.
Narrative 87:
No coworkers.
Narrative 88:
Jimmie Knepper wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Jimmie pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Jimmie is an antisocial person.Jimmie gets ready for work.Jimmie realizes they are late for work. They rush to Knepper Painting where they work as a painter.Jimmie arrives to work on time. Jimmie works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Jimmie ignores William Knepper and walks past them.Jimmie proceeds to get lunch on their own. Jimmie returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 89:
Thomas Hannis wakes up and brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Thomas is an antisocial person.Thomas gets ready for work.Thomas looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Thomas heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Apartments where they work as a janitor.Thomas arrives to work late Thomas works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Thomas invites Caroline Pomerantz to lunch.Thomas talks to Caroline Pomerantz and gets to know them better. Thomas returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 90:
Caroline Oldenburg wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Caroline makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be hot today.Caroline is a kind person.Caroline gets ready for work.Caroline realizes they are late for work. They rush to Goswick Hardware Co. where they work as a proprietor.Caroline arrives to work late Caroline works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Caroline returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 91:
No coworkers.
Narrative 92:
Leo Settlemire wakes up and makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Leo is a jolly person.Leo gets ready for work.Leo looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Leo heads out the door to go to Collegedale Cemetery where they work as a groundskeeper.Leo arrives to work on time. Leo works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Leo ignores John Kilkenny and walks past them.Leo proceeds to get lunch on their own. Leo returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 93:
No coworkers.
Narrative 94:
No coworkers.
Narrative 95:
Nell Stogner wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Nell is an antisocial person.Nell gets ready for work.Nell realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale K-12 School where they work as a nurse.Nell arrives to work on time. Nell works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Nell smiles and waves at Jacqueline Knepper.Nell proceeds to get lunch on their own. Nell returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 96:
No coworkers.
Narrative 97:
Herbert Detlefsen wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Herbert is a reclusive person.Herbert gets ready for work.Herbert looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Herbert heads out the door to go to 4th Street Brewery where they work as a bottler.Herbert arrives to work on time. Herbert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Herbert smiles and waves at Walter Kilkenny.Herbert proceeds to get lunch on their own. Herbert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 98:
Julie Knepper wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Julie picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be warm today.Julie is a happy person.Julie gets ready for work.Julie looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Julie says goodbye to their spouse, Jimmie Knepper.Julie says goodbye to their kids.Julie heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Apartments where they work as a janitor.Julie arrives to work late Julie works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Julie invites Connie Picht to lunch.Julie talks to Connie Picht and gets to know them better. Julie returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 99:
Allen Risley wakes up and makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Allen is a reclusive person.Allen gets ready for work.Allen looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Allen says goodbye to their spouse, Wendy Risley.Allen heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Tailoring where they work as a apprentice.Allen arrives to work on time. Allen works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Allen returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 100:
No coworkers.
Narrative 101:
Lois Champion wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Lois pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be hot today.Lois is an antisocial person.Lois gets ready for work.Lois looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Lois says goodbye to their spouse, John Champion.Lois says goodbye to their kids.Lois heads out the door to go to Mondschein Baking Co. where they work as a cashier.Lois arrives to work late Lois works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Lois returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 102:
No coworkers.
Narrative 103:
No coworkers.
Narrative 104:
Karen Risley wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Karen makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be warm today.Karen is an antisocial person.Karen gets ready for work.Karen looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Karen says goodbye to their spouse, John Penninger.Karen says goodbye to their kids.Karen heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Bank where they work as a bank teller.Karen arrives to work late Karen works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Karen invites Annie Stief to lunch.Karen enjoys lunch with Annie Stief. Karen returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 105:
Julie Knepper wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Julie makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be hot today.Julie is a reclusive person.Julie gets ready for work.Julie looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Julie says goodbye to their spouse, Jimmie Knepper.Julie says goodbye to their kids.Julie heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Apartments where they work as a janitor.Julie arrives to work late Julie works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Julie invites Connie Picht to lunch.Julie enjoys lunch with Connie Picht. Julie returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 106:
No coworkers.
Narrative 107:
No coworkers.
Narrative 108:
No coworkers.
Narrative 109:
Cecil Risley wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Cecil picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Cecil is an antisocial person.Cecil gets ready for work.Cecil realizes they are late for work. They rush to Thiesse Bank where they work as a bank teller.Cecil arrives to work late Cecil works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Cecil ignores Walter Basham and walks past them.Cecil proceeds to get lunch on their own. Cecil returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 110:
Virginia Joyce wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Virginia pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Virginia is a kind person.Virginia gets ready for work.Virginia looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Virginia says goodbye to their spouse, John Joyce.Virginia says goodbye to their kids.Virginia heads out the door to go to 3rd Street Baking Co. where they work as a cashier.Virginia arrives to work late Virginia works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Virginia returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 111:
Lucille Detlefsen wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Lucille brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Lucille is an antisocial person.Lucille gets ready for work.Lucille realizes they are late for work. They rush to Pepper Pike Avenue Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Lucille arrives to work on time. Lucille works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Lucille smiles and waves at John Penninger.Lucille proceeds to get lunch on their own. Lucille returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 112:
Eleanor Mitchum wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Eleanor brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Eleanor is an antisocial person.Eleanor gets ready for work.Eleanor realizes they are late for work. They rush to Kary Plumbing Co. where they work as a secretary.Eleanor arrives to work late Eleanor works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Eleanor returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 113:
No coworkers.
Narrative 114:
No coworkers.
Narrative 115:
Rebecca Oldenburg wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Rebecca is a reclusive person.Rebecca gets ready for work.Rebecca looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Rebecca says goodbye to their spouse, Charles Oldenburg.Rebecca heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a hotel maid.Rebecca arrives to work late Rebecca works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Rebecca returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 116:
No coworkers.
Narrative 117:
Allen Risley wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be warm today.Allen is a reclusive person.Allen gets ready for work.Allen realizes they are late for work. They rush to Boe Avenue Tailoring where they work as a apprentice.Allen arrives to work on time. Allen works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Allen smiles and waves at Cecil Risley.Allen proceeds to get lunch on their own. Allen returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 118:
Gladys Penninger wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Gladys brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be warm today.Gladys is a happy person.Gladys gets ready for work.Gladys looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Gladys says goodbye to their spouse, Anthony Penninger.Gladys says goodbye to their kids.Gladys heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Gladys arrives to work on time. Gladys works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Gladys smiles and waves at James Penninger.Gladys proceeds to get lunch on their own. Gladys returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 119:
No coworkers.
Narrative 120:
No coworkers.
Narrative 121:
Caroline Oldenburg wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Caroline pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Caroline is a reclusive person.Caroline gets ready for work.Caroline realizes they are late for work. They rush to Goswick Hardware Co. where they work as a proprietor.Caroline arrives to work on time. Caroline works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Caroline returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 122:
No coworkers.
Narrative 123:
Robert Reichling wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be hot today.Robert is a jolly person.Robert gets ready for work.Robert looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Robert heads out the door to go to Thiesse Bank where they work as a janitor.Robert arrives to work on time. Robert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Robert smiles and waves at Peggy Champion.Robert proceeds to get lunch on their own. Robert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 124:
Orville Picht wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Orville picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be warm today.Orville is a kind person.Orville gets ready for work.Orville realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale Police Dept. where they work as a police officer.Orville arrives to work on time. Orville works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Orville smiles and waves at Francis Stief.Orville proceeds to get lunch on their own. Orville returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 125:
Norma Detlefsen wakes up and makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be hot today.Norma is a happy person.Norma gets ready for work.Norma realizes they are late for work. They rush to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a proprietor.Norma arrives to work on time. Norma works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Norma smiles and waves at James Kappel.Norma proceeds to get lunch on their own. Norma returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 126:
Bernice Fairless wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Bernice pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Bernice is a kind person.Bernice gets ready for work.Bernice realizes they are late for work. They rush to Fairless Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Bernice arrives to work on time. Bernice works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Bernice returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 127:
Ronald Champion wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The TV predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Ronald is a kind person.Ronald gets ready for work.Ronald realizes they are late for work. They rush to Oldford Street Coal Mine where they work as a owner.Ronald arrives to work on time. Ronald works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Ronald returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 128:
No coworkers.
Narrative 129:
No coworkers.
Narrative 130:
John Joyce wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, John pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be hot today.John is an antisocial person.John gets ready for work.John realizes they are late for work. They rush to Oldford Street Coal Mine where they work as a miner.John arrives to work on time. John works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.John invites Peter Ory to lunch.John enjoys lunch with Peter Ory. John returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 131:
Terry Detlefsen wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Terry picks up the newspaper from the front door.The TV predicted that it's going to be hot today.Terry is an antisocial person.Terry gets ready for work.Terry realizes they are late for work. They rush to Jubbly where they work as a bartender.Terry arrives to work late Terry works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Terry smiles and waves at Harold Railton.Terry proceeds to get lunch on their own. Terry returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 132:
No coworkers.
Narrative 133:
Jack Kilkenny wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Jack brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be hot today.Jack is a reclusive person.Jack gets ready for work.Jack looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Jack says goodbye to their spouse, Eleanor Kilkenny.Jack says goodbye to their kids.Jack heads out the door to go to Collegedale K-12 School where they work as a principal.Jack arrives to work late Jack works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Jack returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 134:
No coworkers.
Narrative 135:
No coworkers.
Narrative 136:
Kathy Stogner wakes up and makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Kathy is a jolly person.Kathy gets ready for work.Kathy looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Kathy heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Apartments where they work as a secretary.Kathy arrives to work late Kathy works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Kathy invites Caroline Pomerantz to lunch.Kathy enjoys lunch with Caroline Pomerantz. Kathy returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 137:
No coworkers.
Narrative 138:
Gilbert Rundel wakes up and makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cold today.Gilbert is a jolly person.Gilbert gets ready for work.Gilbert looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Gilbert heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Coal Mine where they work as a miner.Gilbert arrives to work on time. Gilbert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Gilbert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 139:
No coworkers.
Narrative 140:
Warren Gade wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cold today.Warren is a happy person.Warren gets ready for work.Warren looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Warren heads out the door to go to The Deflated World Cup Dream where they work as a bartender.Warren arrives to work on time. Warren works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Warren returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 141:
Walter Kilkenny wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The TV predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Walter is a reclusive person.Walter gets ready for work.Walter looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Walter heads out the door to go to 4th Street Brewery where they work as a owner.Walter arrives to work late Walter works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Walter smiles and waves at Anthony Penninger.Walter proceeds to get lunch on their own. Walter returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 142:
Norma Detlefsen wakes up and makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Norma is a happy person.Norma gets ready for work.Norma looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Norma heads out the door to go to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a proprietor.Norma arrives to work late Norma works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Norma smiles and waves at James Kappel.Norma proceeds to get lunch on their own. Norma returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 143:
Connie Knepper wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cold today.Connie is a happy person.Connie gets ready for work.Connie looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Connie heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a hotel maid.Connie arrives to work on time. Connie works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Connie smiles and waves at Charles Oldenburg.Connie proceeds to get lunch on their own. Connie returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 144:
Mary Barthold wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Mary makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be freezing today.Mary is a happy person.Mary gets ready for work.Mary realizes they are late for work. They rush to The Deflated World Cup Dream where they work as a bartender.Mary arrives to work on time. Mary works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Mary smiles and waves at Francis Luz.Mary proceeds to get lunch on their own. Mary returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 145:
James Laramee wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.James is an antisocial person.James gets ready for work.James looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.James heads out the door to go to onFire where they work as a proprietor.James arrives to work on time. James works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.James smiles and waves at Randall Pruiett.James proceeds to get lunch on their own. James returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 146:
Allen Risley wakes up and brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Allen is a jolly person.Allen gets ready for work.Allen looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Allen says goodbye to their spouse, Wendy Risley.Allen heads out the door to go to Boe Avenue Tailoring where they work as a apprentice.Allen arrives to work late Allen works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Allen ignores Roberta Risley and walks past them.Allen proceeds to get lunch on their own. Allen returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 147:
No coworkers.
Narrative 148:
No coworkers.
Narrative 149:
Norman Juul wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Norman is an antisocial person.Norman gets ready for work.Norman looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Norman heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a concierge.Norman arrives to work on time. Norman works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Norman returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 150:
Richard Stogner wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cold today.Richard is an antisocial person.Richard gets ready for work.Richard realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale Fire Dept. where they work as a firefighter.Richard arrives to work late Richard works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Richard invites Stanley Champion II to lunch.Richard talks to Stanley Champion II and gets to know them better. Richard returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 151:
Charles Oldenburg wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Charles is a jolly person.Charles gets ready for work.Charles realizes they are late for work. They rush to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a manager.Charles arrives to work late Charles works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Charles smiles and waves at Connie Knepper.Charles proceeds to get lunch on their own. Charles returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 152:
No coworkers.
Narrative 153:
No coworkers.
Narrative 154:
Eddie Runte wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Eddie is an antisocial person.Eddie gets ready for work.Eddie realizes they are late for work. They rush to The Deflated World Cup Dream where they work as a bartender.Eddie arrives to work late Eddie works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Eddie smiles and waves at Francis Bergsten.Eddie proceeds to get lunch on their own. Eddie returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 155:
Norman Juul wakes up and makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Norman is a jolly person.Norman gets ready for work.Norman looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Norman heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a concierge.Norman arrives to work on time. Norman works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Norman invites Anthony Oldenburg to lunch.Norman enjoys lunch with Anthony Oldenburg. Norman returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 156:
No coworkers.
Narrative 157:
August Sommerfield wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be warm today.August is a kind person.August gets ready for work.August realizes they are late for work. They rush to Penninger Carpentry where they work as a carpenter.August arrives to work late August works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.August invites Emmett Detlefsen to lunch.August stares Emmett Detlefsen down during the entire lunch. August returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 158:
No coworkers.
Narrative 159:
Caroline Oldenburg wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Caroline picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be warm today.Caroline is a happy person.Caroline gets ready for work.Caroline looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Caroline says goodbye to their spouse, Anthony Oldenburg.Caroline says goodbye to their kids.Caroline heads out the door to go to Goswick Hardware Co. where they work as a proprietor.Caroline arrives to work on time. Caroline works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Caroline returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 160:
Anthony Neault wakes up and brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be warm today.Anthony is a jolly person.Anthony gets ready for work.Anthony looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Anthony heads out the door to go to Piles where they work as a bartender.Anthony arrives to work late Anthony works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Anthony returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 161:
No coworkers.
Narrative 162:
Richard Neault wakes up and brushes their teeth.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be hot today.Richard is a happy person.Richard gets ready for work.Richard looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Richard heads out the door to go to Neault Diner where they work as a dishwasher.Richard arrives to work on time. Richard works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Richard smiles and waves at Richard Neault.Richard proceeds to get lunch on their own. Richard returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 163:
Richard Neault wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Richard is an antisocial person.Richard gets ready for work.Richard realizes they are late for work. They rush to Neault Diner where they work as a dishwasher.Richard arrives to work on time. Richard works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Richard returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 164:
Gloria Picht wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Gloria pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be warm today.Gloria is a happy person.Gloria gets ready for work.Gloria looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Gloria says goodbye to their spouse, Orville Picht.Gloria says goodbye to their kids.Gloria heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Apartments where they work as a landlord.Gloria arrives to work on time. Gloria works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Gloria returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 165:
Richard Stogner wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be warm today.Richard is a happy person.Richard gets ready for work.Richard realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale Fire Dept. where they work as a firefighter.Richard arrives to work late Richard works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Richard invites Stanley Champion II to lunch.Richard talks to Stanley Champion II and gets to know them better. Richard returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 166:
No coworkers.
Narrative 167:
John Lighthall wakes up and brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be hot today.John is a happy person.John gets ready for work.John looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.John heads out the door to go to onFire where they work as a cook.John arrives to work on time. John works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.John stares Richard Skaar down.John proceeds to get lunch on their own. John returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 168:
Lester Hunsberger wakes up and makes breakfast.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be hot today.Lester is a reclusive person.Lester gets ready for work.Lester realizes they are late for work. They rush to Boe Avenue Apartments where they work as a janitor.Lester arrives to work on time. Lester works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Lester invites Sam Stogner to lunch.Lester talks to Sam Stogner and gets to know them better. Lester returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 169:
No coworkers.
Narrative 170:
Charles Bauermeister wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be warm today.Charles is a jolly person.Charles gets ready for work.Charles realizes they are late for work. They rush to onFire where they work as a manager.Charles arrives to work on time. Charles works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Charles smiles and waves at James Laramee.Charles proceeds to get lunch on their own. Charles returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 171:
Margaret Mondschein wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Margaret pours themself a cup of coffee.The TV predicted that it's going to be cold today.Margaret is an antisocial person.Margaret gets ready for work.Margaret looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Margaret says goodbye to their spouse, Bobby Mondschein.Margaret says goodbye to their kids.Margaret heads out the door to go to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a dishwasher.Margaret arrives to work on time. Margaret works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Margaret returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 172:
George Friesz wakes up and brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be cold today.George is an antisocial person.George gets ready for work.George looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.George heads out the door to go to Sequim Avenue Construction where they work as a bricklayer.George arrives to work late George works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. George returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 173:
No coworkers.
Narrative 174:
Sidney Sonneman wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Sidney picks up the newspaper from the front door.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be hot today.Sidney is a reclusive person.Sidney gets ready for work.Sidney realizes they are late for work. They rush to Collegedale K-12 School where they work as a janitor.Sidney arrives to work on time. Sidney works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Sidney returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 175:
No coworkers.
Narrative 176:
No coworkers.
Narrative 177:
No coworkers.
Narrative 178:
Lucille Detlefsen wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Lucille brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be cold today.Lucille is a jolly person.Lucille gets ready for work.Lucille looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Lucille says goodbye to their spouse, Emmett Detlefsen.Lucille says goodbye to their kids.Lucille heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Lucille arrives to work late Lucille works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Lucille invites Gloria Hense to lunch.Lucille talks to Gloria Hense and gets to know them better. Lucille returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 179:
Dorothy Bevill wakes up and makes breakfast.The newspaper predicted that it's going to be cold today.Dorothy is a reclusive person.Dorothy gets ready for work.Dorothy realizes they are late for work. They rush to Sandusky Avenue Delicatessen where they work as a cashier.Dorothy arrives to work on time. Dorothy works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Dorothy invites James Kappel to lunch.Dorothy enjoys lunch with James Kappel. Dorothy returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 180:
Harold Kary wakes up and makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Harold is a reclusive person.Harold gets ready for work.Harold looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Harold heads out the door to go to Kary Plumbing Co. where they work as a plumber.Harold arrives to work late Harold works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break. Harold returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 181:
No coworkers.
Narrative 182:
John Champion wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, John picks up the newspaper from the front door.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be freezing today.John is a jolly person.John gets ready for work.John looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.John says goodbye to their spouse, Lois Champion.John says goodbye to their kids.John heads out the door to go to Oldford Street Coal Mine where they work as a engineer.John arrives to work late John works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.John ignores Robert Schiefen and walks past them.John proceeds to get lunch on their own. John returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 183:
Sidney Sonneman wakes up and feeds their kids. After taking care of the kids, Sidney picks up the newspaper from the front door.The TV predicted that it's going to be cold today.Sidney is a jolly person.Sidney gets ready for work.Sidney looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Sidney says goodbye to their spouse, Mary Barthold.Sidney says goodbye to their kids.Sidney heads out the door to go to Collegedale K-12 School where they work as a janitor.Sidney arrives to work on time. Sidney works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Sidney invites Nell Stogner to lunch.Sidney talks to Nell Stogner and gets to know them better. Sidney returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 184:
Warren Gade wakes up and makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Warren is an antisocial person.Warren gets ready for work.Warren realizes they are late for work. They rush to The Deflated World Cup Dream where they work as a bartender.Warren arrives to work on time. Warren works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Warren ignores Mary Barthold and walks past them.Warren proceeds to get lunch on their own. Warren returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 185:
No coworkers.
Narrative 186:
No coworkers.
Narrative 187:
Mary Penninger wakes up and makes breakfast.The TV predicted that it's going to be rainy today.Mary is a jolly person.Mary gets ready for work.Mary looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Mary heads out the door to go to Pepper Pike Avenue Inn where they work as a innkeeper.Mary arrives to work on time. Mary works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Mary smiles and waves at Gloria Hense.Mary proceeds to get lunch on their own. Mary returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 188:
No coworkers.
Narrative 189:
No coworkers.
Narrative 190:
No coworkers.
Narrative 191:
Gilbert Rundel wakes up and pours themself a cup of coffee.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be sunny today.Gilbert is a jolly person.Gilbert gets ready for work.Gilbert realizes they are late for work. They rush to Oldford Street Coal Mine where they work as a miner.Gilbert arrives to work on time. Gilbert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Gilbert invites David Cornell to lunch.Gilbert stares David Cornell down during the entire lunch. Gilbert returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 192:
Norman Juul wakes up and picks up the newspaper from the front door.The weather forecast predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Norman is an antisocial person.Norman gets ready for work.Norman looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Norman heads out the door to go to 4th Street Hotel where they work as a concierge.Norman arrives to work on time. Norman works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Norman invites Anthony Oldenburg to lunch.Norman talks to Anthony Oldenburg and gets to know them better. Norman returns back home and finshes up their day.
Narrative 193:
Robert Reichling wakes up and brushes their teeth.The TV predicted that it's going to be cloudy today.Robert is a happy person.Robert gets ready for work.Robert looks at the clock and realizes they are on time for work.Robert heads out the door to go to Thiesse Bank where they work as a janitor.Robert arrives to work on time. Robert works for a few hours and then takes a lunch break.Robert smiles and waves at Walter Basham.Robert proceeds to get lunch on their own. Robert returns back home and finshes up their day.
